# Together

## Use cases

### One time collective effort

Yurii with several friends wants to charter a yacht to enjoy their
vacation in Mediterranian

Вони хочуть впевнитись, що зібраних грошей вистачає на оплату чартера,
залог, і корабельну касу.

Впевнились, що зібрали потрібну суму, авторизували витрати по пунктам,
отримали задоволення від відпочинку, закрили проект.

### Recurring effort / Patreon

Volodymyr and Dmytro run a small team aimed to translate libertarian
articles.  They ask for a regular donations.  The outcome of their
efforts are translations of articles, published periodically.

One-time or recurring payments.  Patrons may or may not vote on
priorities.

### Syndicate

AKA Investment club AKA Pooling funds to make an investment

Jason with his friends want to pool funds to purchase some real
estate.  They'd like it to be geographically diversified to minimize
country risks.

Each investment is proposed, discussed, and voted on with a stake.  An
investment manager is appointed, who will manage the legal/fiat
interface.  He has to put a collateral, that's larger than an amount
of the proposed investment.  He earns a management fee.

The decision to make an investment may be decided by vote.  Or each
invests just from his own stake.

### Credit union

Anita with coworkers wants to pool funds to provide collateral for
DeFi collateralized loans (like Dharma or Compound).  Only members
would be able to use this pool.  Members would vote on each case with
their stake.  Only those, who voted for will receive the additional
commission.  When borrower returns the loan in full and on time, she
earns a non-transferable reputation.

### Insurance union

TBD

### Kickstarter

TBD

### DAO

Inflation paid

### Network of markets

42 Coffee Cups, a distributed software development company, desired to
further decentralize it's operations by opening her internal processes
and markets to qualified professionals.  This would require creating
several autonomous suborganizations, focused on different stages of
pipeline (marketing, sales, qualification, planning and estimation,
devops), working on a censorship-resistant, privacy-focused, fast and
cheap technology stack, supplemented with sufficient liquidity on each
stage.

